40 then welcome her love on web
first we want to know
there is time
at present
because you like to be a bullfighter
we have also seen many times thank God here in Morelia
let's hope they come many times
this lawn was invited
in a pub who was the invitation
cha
zarrías
although she has many fans
today they come to this game because a lot of people came to follow you
is admired by me if it is not like that
and believe that he and thanks to you and your other presentations
there are four
the bullfighting schools
the strengths
it is necessary that
you are common your son to a point
who says he feels
Likewise
this the subject would be to say
the state
to a child who is in a paid school
and naught that sometimes those affected by losses that despair
and who does not
the unemployment
a week that is more exposed
the company being in a cattle ranch is with the calf
you have that opportunity because of course to see
these video
you are in the ranch
but what would you say you are that patience performances have been the object of
retaliation party
historians
p but apple inc
yeah 3
to these the school is now trained
like this
ubuntu lucid lynx
leonel vangioni
Coach
I will work as
Well, we have nothing to say but thank you very much
I do not consider myself so judgmental
this thanks for
This space
and also thanks for what he does to the party and especially so close
likewise enabled his huge greeting
your whole family the disaster also the permanent times they enter the country
citizens